AADL Library for SysMLv2

Copyright 2024 Carnegie Mellon University.

Licensed under a BSD (SEI)-style license, please see license.txt or
contact permission@sei.cmu.edu for full terms.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Products derived from this software may not include “Carnegie
Mellon University,” "SEI” and/or “Software Engineering Institute" in
the name of such derived product, nor shall “Carnegie Mellon
University,” "SEI” and/or “Software Engineering Institute" be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior
written permission. For written permission, please contact
permission@sei.cmu.edu.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISCLAIMERS:

NO WARRANTY. THIS CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
INSTITUTE MATERIAL IS FURNISHED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CARNEGIE MELLON
UNIVERSITY MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTY OF
FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY, EXCLUSIVITY, OR RESULTS
OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE MATERIAL. CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DOES NOT
MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO FREEDOM FROM PATENT,
TRADEMARK, OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.

[DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT A] This material has been approved for public
release and unlimited distribution.  Please see Copyright notice for
non-US Government use and distribution.

DM24-0309
